com/example/plantoterapiaapp/CriarPostActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity$2
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity$3
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity$4
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivity$5
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/AdicionarPostActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.AdicionarPostActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.AdicionarPostActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.AdicionarPostActivity$2
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/PlantaActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantaActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantaActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantaActivity$2
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantaActivity$3
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/ModosPlantioActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ModosPlantioActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ModosPlantioActivity$1
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/Util.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.Util
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/AdicionarPostActivityViewModel.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.AdicionarPostActivityViewModel
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/ModosPlantioMyAdapter.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ModosPlantioMyAdapter
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/ConhecaProjetoActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ConhecaProjetoActivity
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/ReceitasActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ReceitasActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ReceitasActivity$1
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/MyViewHolder.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MyViewHolder
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/HttpRequest.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.HttpRequest
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/ReceitasMyAdapter.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.ReceitasMyAdapter
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/SobreNosActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.SobreNosActivity
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/Config.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.Config
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/CriarPostActivityViewModel.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CriarPostActivityViewModel
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/EstruturasQuimicasActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.EstruturasQuimicasActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.EstruturasQuimicasActivity$1
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/MyViewModel.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MyViewModel
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/MyItem.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MyItem
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.BuildConfig
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/EstruturasQuimicasMyAdapter.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.EstruturasQuimicasMyAdapter
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity$1$1$2
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.LoginActivity$2
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/CadastroActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity$1$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity$1$1$2
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.CadastroActivity$2
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/PlantasMyAdapter.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantasMyAdapter
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.PlantasMyAdapter$ItemClickListener
com/example/plantoterapiaapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MainActivity
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.plantoterapiaapp.MainActivity$2
